---
layout: page
title: Naked Statistics, Naked Economics, Naked Money
author: Charles Wheelan
rating: 7
---

Author: {{ page.author}}

I'm pretty sure I read Naked Statistics first but I don't entirely remember
which order I read these three books in.  Charles has a style of writing that
can take a mind-numbingly boring topic and make it fun to read, even hilarious
at times.  Naked Statistics gives you a solid general tour de force of how math
is used in the real world as well as the understanding recognize the bias that
plagues so much of it.  I don't remember if this is the book that resulted in
my love for R, but it very might have been.

Some of the details in the other two are a bit blurry in my mind.  Economics is
interesting because it helps us understand how to find the proper incentives to
reach a desired goal.  The book also does a great job explaining how hard this
is.

Naked Money could not be more relevant in the year 2020.  Sound monetary policy
is going to be more remedy to the affects of Covid than any vaccine.  I found
through reading this book that economic history is not only extremely relevant
to modern life, but highly entertaining.

One last note on the scoring.  It's not really fair to lump these books
together.  Everyone should read Naked Statistics (and then you'll know exactly
how unfair it is to lump the scoring together!).  That book is probably one
point higher than {{ page.rating }}.  Naked Money feels like it's written for
people living in the USA (or heavily vested therein).  I vaguely remember a few
sentences that left me with a feeling of, "wow, those places are doomed!"  I
don't believe that to actually be true, so subtract a point if you feel so
inclined.
